Well, that's a stupid cunt-tweet if I ever saw one... Does that fucker have any more insightful remarks?
I'll fuckin murder you in a second cunt
your just becoming a meme or your purposely being a cunt
fuck off cunt i didnt notice it at first 😂😂
Naah, she's just a cunt.
"P h o t o s h o o t" what a meme, you're just some cunt with a nice car thats blocking traffic.
gracias Kike!!❤️️
don't know that guy but he seems like a self righteous cunt.
fuck you cunt nugget
cunt
You're a dumb cunt.
I fucking hate that cunt. He harassed me the first day I joined when I was defending y'all from Verlis
no it's going to be out soon wait u impatient cunt
One dumb as said Nigs like that's a better way to say Nigger. That's Mighty white of you! Bigot!
CUNT!! LIAR!! HYPOCRITE!!  LOSER!! THIEF!! MURDERER!!    
not sure why, you being the hottest cunt at the LAN, can't same the same for 
that dead cunt sniper Bradley Cooper played must be in row Z with the automatic AR-15.
Looks like you're going to court cunt! Hope you have enough money fucker!
You're a treasonous cunt! U&amp;ur husband will burn in Hell. Go ahead&amp;ignore this, but when you're burning you'll remember!
look at you're self before you start tweeting shit you ugly cunt😂
Eat that cunt
maybe bc i was getting my damn education you cunt. ❤️😘
Cunt.
.  Mike the Kike Cernovich is a fucking useless  
staffer is a cunt.
Thatcher was an utter, utter cunt who should have been cremated long before she died.
daft cunt you woke me up made me jump u seen the time ⌚⌚⌚
fire coach why take starters out all 3rd and yet dont put them in and its the 4th pathetic you're not proving anything clueless cunt
Yup. 😉 it's called being a cunt to cunts.
what a cunt. As a Realtor I will make sure to mention that Carrier is a reliable American Brand to all customers.
I'm trying to understand why  trying to gain relevancy by coming for Monica publicly? Cunt been washed up
Youre a fucking stupid cunt
people like you is the reason we needed trump, you yeasty cunt..stop sexualizing kids!
either of yous. You and your women beater friend can go wherever you want. Calling me a cunt and don't even know me
doesn't matter what she files, she's an evil cunt regardless of paperwork
you're a little cunt HAHA
Primero muertos que cambiar a su compadre o no mi Kike?
i have a stwp to reach the taps cunt
move then dumb cunt
potato stick! are u offended yet? nigger! now? CUNT
It's Twitter you cunt. Pretty sure your followers also talk about how much weight you have been gaining.
u cunt
I like being a bitchy cunt. 
you're a piece of shit you faggot cunt mother fucker. Thanks for the follow queer
lad you can't be dropping the c bomb over twitter u horrible cunt
you're a cunt sorry
you cunt. what are you good for 
frank u cunt i thought we were dating? Fine ill go suck tacos cock.
Ignorant cunt
yeah he's such a cunt 
KYS  YOUR A FUCKING BEANER YOU FUCKING FAGGOT LINK ME YOU PIECE OF SHIT FAGGOT NIGGER
You just spewed dozens to tweets whining about factionalism in the democrats, you witless cunt.
LMFAOOO bitch you ugly regardless, Goggles for glasses havin ass cunt. But do you wanna fight thou? 
what was that old cunt doing??
don't @ me you anime watching nigger
and I follow this fucking muppet, what a fucking cunt
did cunt ever find Zora cuz I was looking I needed that $300 🤔
Everyone report this cunt  
I'll smack u a new 1 cheeky cunt
I can't read this rice nigger writing cherem!
Hey miserable cunt, glanderson booper is going to take you for everything you own :* pucker up bb boi
shut up cunt blah blah ur tough I know
idk if you're a troll or real. Either way you're a fucking cunt
Go follow this cunt 
Karen gets better, and jimmy is a kike, you'll see😉
shut up you won't do shit to my nigger self but I'll kiss you on the mouth 😂
that second photo is fresh tilapia crazy coo-coo cunt fish
CUNT LICKER
Alex is a stupid Nigger! 
71 is like a better spic, but u can be HE'd one shot by a su100y
dumb cunt...
FUCK YIU CUNT
Theresa Marie is such a cunt honestly
Trump just put a Goldman Sachs, vile kike into Treasury. He's what was in mind when they created gas chambers.
kys u dumb spic
I want you all to know that you are all beautiful. Except for  . He's a cunt. ;))))))))))))))
stupid cunt
I wonder if you will want a terrorist shot when he is stabbing one of your libtard, multi racial, bastard children? Konst cunt
still going but won't get more than 270 pry. Thanks kawhi! Nigger sucks
No, you fucking idiot, you're worse. Because you're a fucking cunt idiot shit for brains cock sucker.
shut up you cunt motherfucker you are a disgrace to your parents and india
thanks kike, miss u!!
brb gonna call the you're a basic cunt police
if u suspect foul play, their is a SPIC village of Romney bastards in San Luis Potosi I went there 2 find kids b4
Nice comeback, I bet you had to work extra hard to get those gears spinning.  LOL get some wit you fucking nigger